# Ian Erickson Portfolio

This is the official portfolio of me, Ian Erickson, showcasing my projects and
code.

## User Story

As a web developer

I want a deployed, accessible portfolio

So that I can showcase my creativity, code, and applications to potential
employers and clients

## Intro

So, it's pretty explanatory why a web developer needs a portfolio. It showcases
things like their coding style, specialties, learned languages, creativity,
while also allowing them to present all of this in a way that makes them stand
out from other developers.

With my portfolio project, I thought it would be a very fun idea to take on the
stylings of the notoriously dated "Space Jam" movie website that has been up
since the 90's, with little to no changes. My thought process here was to have a
portfolio that speaks to my ability to mimic and replicate code or style, while
also making a strong intentional choice to use a retro style as an aesthetic (a
la Tim and Eric's aesthetic of the public access television shows of the
90's-early 2000's).

In doing this, I believe this creates a portfolio website that grabs your
attention, sets me apart from other potential developers, and showcases my
playfulness and imagination when allowed to work within self-imposed boundaries.

## Deployed Website

[Portfolio Deployed on Github](https://iaerickson.github.io/Portfolio/)

## Version 1.0

Currently, I have a landing page set up to match the spacejam landing page, and
my "about me", "portfolio", and "contact" pages set up to match in styling. I
used a codepen animation translated from PUG to put the planets in a fun
orbiting animation. The animation is applied to every nth-child of the
space-wrapper (i.e. the planets) and rotates them around a z-axis equally spaced
around the mother-planet at varying speeds.

Ideally, I would like to incorporate a hover-styling that pauses the animation
and spaces the planets out so that they are easier to read and click on.

In future editions, I will aim to reduce this code by putting it in REACT
components, as well as hopefully converting the CSS back into PUG in order to
reduce the redundancy of it.

## Credits

- **Ian Erickson** [Ian Erickson](https://github.com/iaerickson/)

  - **Space Jam Website** [Space Jam](https://www.spacejam.com/jam.htm)

  - **Satellite Orbit Animation**
    [Yusuke Nakaya](https://codepen.io/YusukeNakaya/pen/gxymVv)
